Rename, Update Docs and Prepare for Release (#9)
nsxiv/nsxiv: CHANGELOG.md

nsxiv
-----

**Stable releases**

**[v27](https://github.com/nsxiv/nsxiv/archive/v27.tar.gz)**
*(September 14, 2021)*

>   * Re-release under the name nsxiv
>   * Break previous Xresources configs
>   * Implement fill scale mode (#2)
>   * Bug fix: Prevent crash when embedded into transparent window (#3)
>   * Rework the build system (#19)
>   * Update documentation
>   * Set `_NET_WM_PID` and `WM_CLIENT_MACHINE` X properties (#13)
>   * Support custom bar colors (#19)
>   * Toggle animation playback with Ctrl-a (#33)
>   * Bug fix: Set gamma with `-G` (#31)
>   * Add editorconfig (#40)
>   * Bug fix: Prevent crash when showing some GIFs (#41)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes:
  * Re-release under the name nsxiv
  * Sxiv.foreground and Sxiv.background changed to Nsxiv.win.foreground and Nsxiv.win.background
  * Rework the build system (#19)
  * Update documentation
Added:
  * Implement fill scale mode (#2)
  * Set `_NET_WM_PID` and `WM_CLIENT_MACHINE` X properties (#13)
  * Support custom bar colors (#19)
  * Toggle animation playback with Ctrl-a (#33)
Fixes:
  * Prevent crash when embedded into transparent window (#3)
  * Set gamma with `-G` (#31)
  * Rare crash when showing some GIFs (#41)
```

nsxiv
-----

**Stable releases**

**[v27](https://github.com/nsxiv/nsxiv/archive/v27.tar.gz)**
*(September 14, 2021)*

Changes:
  * Re-release under the name nsxiv
  * Sxiv.foreground and Sxiv.background changed to Nsxiv.window.foreground and Nsxiv.window.background
  * Rework the build system (#19). Now by default we'll build with only optional dependencies that are already installed
Added:
  * Fill scale mode (#2)

>   * Configurable X window title (#23)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Configurable X window title with the `-T` flag (#23)
```
this maintains consistency with with the rest of the changelog as every time an option was added it was mentioned along it's flag.

Reviewer 3: Writing it like this seems like the only option to configure the X window title is with the `-T` flag, but `nsxiv` also support changing this thru `config.h`.
